## Two Sevens, Four Sevens

{Hi! I'm the story's narrator. I only talk in these curly brackets. This story is first-person, with multiple perspectives, but none of them (other than the stuff in curly brackets), is me. This is a fantasy story, with small amounts of divine magic. Also, when I reference real-world stuff, I often don't say what I'm referencing in the text and only take the part I want. Attribution and licenses are in the spoilers directory, in licensing_information.md.}

#### 1.

Having everything collapse around you is, to put it lightly, not that great. Thus, it was somewhat worrisome when I was woken up by a loud noise of breaking and a feeling of sudden freefall, followed by a shock which, though I was still half-asleep, I determined to be due to my bed landing on the first floor. I looked at the scene around me. My first reaction was that the damage was heavily localized; above me, the third floor seemed fine, and the rest of the second floor also seemed to be undamaged. My second reaction was noticing the tree. A few branches of it were lying near me, and I realized that, most likely, the collapse was due to it falling though the wall separating my room from the outside, then breaking through the floor and causing the floor to collapse. It was lucky, I thought, that it had happened to fall near my bed rather than on it, and for that matter that my bed had stayed upright during its (albeit brief) fall. Then I looked in more detail at the tree.

{Commentary on the next paragraph: it's hard to find a word for what I want to mean by "monastery". Some of the monasteries in this society are what we would consider monasteries, where people work on spiritual stuff. Others are more like universities. This one is sort of in between. It was initially formed "to recognize the goodness and beauty of nature and especially trees", but over time it's started studying them from a more scientific perspective. In any case, in this society the distinctions are viewed as more of a spectrum of types of isolated gatherings of more than a few people.}

As a member of the Circle Grove Wilderness Monastery, which focused mostly on the study of trees and specifically the eponymous circular grove of seven trees, and also as someone who liked looking out my window at that grove (which wasn't really a grove, being more like seven trees in the forest that formed a rather small circle inside which there were no other trees), I had a rough idea of the trees that could have been the one that fell. After about a minute, going though the possibilities and considering the orientation, color, and size of the tree, I realized that it was one of the trees from the grove. Then I noticed that since the tree had destroyed the wall, and though the sun had not risen yet there was enough light to see by, I could have just followed it back though the forest and found where its base was. Doing so, I found that the tree was indeed from the grove. "How stupid I am for not having checked that first," I though. "Or perhaps I'm just still sleepy." Then I realized that I should be focusing on the fact that one of the seven trees of the grove fell, and tried to figure out just how bad that was.

At this point, enough time had passed that other people, having been woken up by the noise of the tree collapse, had started to come to the scene. In response to people's concern, I told everyone that I was not hurt, just a bit shocked. It was fairly clear to everyone that there was not that much that both could and needed to be done immediately. Aren, the leader of the monastery, announced that things would generally go on as usual, the monastery elders would meet during the day, and at the end of the day they would announce what the response would be. The only immediate action he took was to offer me one of the guest rooms (which were on the second floor) for me to sleep in and put my possessions in until the repairs were finished, an offer which I of course took. Everyone went back to their rooms, happy that no one was hurt and that the issue was localized and no longer dangerous but unhappy that one of the trees of the grove had fallen.

The guest room faced west, opposite to my room, which faced east. Unlike my old room, which faced the forest directly, the guest room thus faced a clearing, which contained a small farm for producing those types of food which could not be gathered from nature, and was large enough that one could see, poking over the trees, Mount Erci, a beautiful lone ice-topped mountain in the distance {yes, this is possible as an isolated extinct volcano, though it is rare; Mount Kilimanjaro is a real-world example}. Other than the view, it was much like my room had been, though without as much in it.

I started to look for my stuff among what had fallen and to take it upstairs. This was comparatively easy for a variety of reasons. The glass from my window {yes, I know glass windows became generally common only a few centuries ago, but don't complain about historical inaccuracy; the setting is medieval but with some modern things which have no especially good reason to not exist} was all in one area, and could generally be avoided without too much difficulty. The only thing that broke was my bookcase, which while taking up my books I tried (and largely, though not completely, succeeded) to avoid getting splinters from. A few things were crushed by the tree, but not many, and not the really important ones. The guest room had a bed, table, and chest of drawers {remember what I said about not complaining}, which were the only things which would have been too large for me to carry. This task occupied me for a few hours, and when I was done, it was time for breakfast.

I went to the dining hall and took my share of the food. Apparently what was being served today was a new variation on oatmeal I vaguely remembered Tarnas proposing to make. His idea, which I think he had heard from someone traveling through, was, generally speaking, instead of boiling the combination of oats and milk, to stir it and refrigerate it overnight. {Really, stop complaining. Ice pits have been a thing for a long time, and there's an ice-topped mountain close enough to be visible.} He voluntarily did a large share of the work at the monastery farm, which very few people really wanted to do and which was generally assigned to people on specific days. In addition, due to the farm producing a lot of the ingredients, he also did some of the food preparation. Due to these facts, we were willing to let him try it, but I, at least, upon eating it, didn't think it was that great, though it wasn't terrible either. {I, the narrator, have not done this and don't really like oatmeal in general that much. As a general rule, don't attribute attitudes from characters to me.}

As I was eating, I overheard a lot of discussion about the tree falling and what the response would be. It was, of course, generally agreed that the damage to the building would be repaired, but it was unclear what would happen to the site of the tree. Would nothing happen, and the Circle Grove only have six trees? Would a seedling be transplanted? Would a whole tree be transplanted? (This was viewed as unlikely unless someone managed to do it via powerful magic, which was uncommon in this part of the world.) There was also a small amount of discussion about whether the fall was fully coincidence. There had not been a storm or strong winds last night, but on the other hand the tree was getting old, and why would anyone have wanted it to collapse? Many people planned to go to the site of the Circle Grove and look at the damage for themselves, which was of course rather easy since it was so close.

After finishing breakfast, I had assigned farm duty for the morning, but given the circumstance I thought it was reasonable to take a quick peek at the Circle Grove first. There were some other people there looking at the fallen tree, but the Circle Grove Wilderness Monastery had only 68 people, only about 20 were there, and we weren't crowding in too close, so the view wasn't obstructed. The roots of the fallen tree were showing, and it seemed to have fallen down randomly rather than due to someone undermining it. All the other trees, fortunately, seemed fine; the tree that fell was the one closest to the monastery building, and so did not fall onto or between any of the others. Having seen the situation up close, I left the Circle Grove and headed to the farm.

When I reached the farm, I saw Tarnas there, feeding the cows. "How did you think the new type of oats were?" he asked me. "To be honest, they were okay but not great," I replied. "They weren't quite as good as I expected, either," Tarnas said. "I think it was worth trying them, but I'm probably not going to make them again." "That seems reasonable, and I'm glad we tried them. What farm work should I do?" I asked. "Well, I'm feeding the cows and am going to move on to the chickens, so you can weed one of the unweeded parts of the field and water the crops, unless you'd rather handle the chickens," Tarnas replied. I felt that this plan was (somewhat literally) giving me the dirty work, but since Tarnas was already dealing with the animals, it seemed to make sense for him to take care of the chickens, so I agreed to weed and water the crops.

The tending of the crops was fairly uneventful; I first looked among a certain area of the crops and uprooted the weeds in that area, then took a few buckets of water from the nearby stream (not as close as the grove and farm, but still close) and poured them on the field. When I was done, it had been a few hours, and my farming duty for the day was done. I told Tarnas which area I had weeded and left the farm. {I'm not a farmer; if you are, you can (but shouldn't feel obligated to) improve this and the prior paragraph and give me the improved version.}

During the afternoon I wandered in the woods, which was, unsurprisingly, a common activity among those in the Circle Grove Wilderness Monastery. Not much of significance happened. I saw a tree with very bent branches, a few deer, a rabbit; all of these were usual sights in the area. When the sun became low, I headed back to the monastery building.

It turned out that when I got back, Aren was about to announce the details of the response to the tree falling in the main hall, which was where I entered. Almost everyone was there, except a few people which were presumably out in the forest like I had been. After a few minutes, Aren began to talk. He said the following: "Firstly, we are all, though happy that no one was killed by the tree collapse, unhappy that Brian's room was destroyed by it. We will repair the damage to that area as soon as possible, and Brian has been given a guest room in the meantime. Secondly, we have concluded that the tree fell merely because it was getting old, and there was no intent either to knock down a tree from the Circle Grove or to hurt anyone in particular. Thirdly, although we may want to consider the spiritual implications of a tree from the Circle Grove, which is the cause of the existence of this monastery, falling, the tree fall ultimately does not have that much importance; one could take it as a sign of doom, but it seems more probable that it is simply the fall of a tree, especially since it would have to be a rather small doom to knock down only one of seven trees. Although there have been mystical analyses of the meaning of there being seven trees in the Circle Grove, there probably could be analyses showing the exact same things with six. Thus, we feel no need to replace the tree. We will let new seedlings grow in the place where the tree fell, and eventually one of them may be a new part of the Circle Grove." The speech was done. The main thing people seemed to be talking about afterwards was the potential for doom, which Aren, according to many of the people there, did not do enough to show the unlikelihood of. I personally though that reading doom into a tree collapse was going overboard, and that the monastery was going to be fine. After a few minutes of listening to this discussion that I considered unimportant, I went upstairs to my new room, entered my bed, and fell asleep.

#### 2.

{To avoid confusion, I will say that the viewpoint character of this chapter is not the same as that of the previous chapter. In fact, the viewpoint character of a chapter is never the same as that of the previous chapter.}

I woke up from the knocking on the door of my room. It was not the quiet knocking of someone who would like to get your attention but doesn't really care that much. It was the loud knocking of someone who needs to get in for some reason and is likely going to break down the door if nothing happens. Opening the door is generally a good idea in such a situation, but in this specific situation, due to circumstances, it seemed to be even a better idea than usual.

On the previous day, as the Sun was getting low in the sky, I arrived in the town of Northern Springs. I had come here from the eastern land of Kaze. I was looking for adventure of some sort. In Kaze, it was well known that nothing ever happened in Kaze itself, but Trakhathra, to the west, was known as a land of danger, a land of war, a land where the most important thing that happened in a typical year was not that the wheat was harvested a week earlier or later than usual. So I had set out to the west, looking to be involved in something interesting for once.

Northern Springs was deep in Trakhathra, so when I reached it I had already gone through many towns in Trakhathra on my journey. I noticed that Northern Springs was a large town, and indeed that it was the capitol of the county it was in. People in Trakhathra were not generally friendly to strangers, and when I started traveling though Trakhathra, almost no one would let me stay overnight in their house. However, I quickly found out that in Trakhathra, my skills of telling stories and playing the horn were highly valued. As long as I made sure to say that I would be willing to provide entertainment, I could more or less get in anywhere.

So, as I had done in several county capitols before, I went to the palace of the noble of the county and asked whether I could stay for a night. As usual, I was allowed in, and after dinner (which was steak with chili sauce and peaches, much more luxurious than the simple bread and stew I was used to in Kaze) {don't complain about anachronistic usage of meal names, or for that matter anachronistic foods} I told some of the stories I knew. The stories prompted Irari, the noble of the county, to tell the county's own recent history, which mostly seemed to consist of minor skirmishes with the neighboring counties and the metals that had been found in the nearby mountains (the county was in fact called Mountain Creek).

It was interesting, I though, how the stories I told had themselves, for the most part, come long ago to Kaze, where I heard them, from Trakhathra, but had only been recorded in Kaze and were generally not known to those who I was telling them to. It was also interesting (though, of course, I did not say this) how the recent history of Trakhathra seemed almost as boring as that of Kaze when compared to the ancient stories I told. This was fairly typical among what I had heard of the recent history of Trakhathra, and over the last few weeks I had already started to despair of my chances of finding a part of Trakhathra which still had true adventure.

As usual, after eating and telling stories, I went to a guest room of the palace and fell asleep. The next thing that happened was my getting woken up by knocking, as already described. Actually, that's not quite right; at some point during the night, I woke up due to some noises. But the noises went away after a few minutes, so I went back to sleep.

Now it is perhaps more understandable why the circumstances would make me want to open the door. Firstly, I was a guest, and as a guest it is polite to let the host (who is presumed to be the one knocking) in. Secondly, my host was the Mountain Creek government, and Trakhathrans are known to be quick to anger. I thus didn't want to anger the Mountain Creek government, since doing so could, if news traveled faster than me, lead to very bad things happening to me during the rest of my travels, if there would even be a rest of my travels in that case. I knew that even though Trakhathra was divided into counties which sometimes fight, they were generally united and will cooperate when needed. Thirdly, I didn't really care whether someone wanted me out or not, since I was leaving anyway. Thus, I opened the door.

Someone who I recognized from dinner as Lis, who had been introduced to me as the "Implementor of Justice," was on the other side. She said to me, "You have been accused of stealing the Golden Crown of Power by Exalted Noble Irari and will be taken to speak with her about your crime. Follow me." I realized that this was the rare and unpredictable case where opening the door was likely not a good idea. I was weaponless, and Lis was holding a sword, so I came out and followed her through the palace.

As I was walking, I decided to say that I was innocent, since I thought that it would be unlikely that Lis or Irari would consider me any more likely guilty for making such a declaration, and that if they would do something like that, they would probably just pronounce me guilty no matter what I did. Thus, I said "I didn't steal the Golden Crown of Power. Until Irari mentioned it at dinner last night, I didn't even know it existed." Lis did not respond at all. I realized that there wasn't that much else I could do, and so I continued following.

After a few minutes, we arrived at the throne room and stopped at the front of it. I had not been in a throne room previously in my trip, but I knew the typical design of throne rooms in Trakhathra in the ancient stories. This throne room was in some ways similar to those in the stories, but in many ways different. It was similar in its large size and the presence of a metal throne at the back, with at least some gold and silver in the throne's construction. It was different in the presence of additional chairs both in the back of the room near the throne and in the front, the throne's lack of sophistication (it did not have gemstones in it, as many of the ancient Trakhathran thrones were said to), and the lack of other decoration (apart from a not-that-ornate chandelier with a golden chain) in the room itself. I wondered which of these differences were due to stylistic change over time and which were due to this being only the capitol of what seemed like a not-especially important county.

"You can sit down if you want," Lis said, sitting down herself as she spoke. I, of course, also sat down. Looking in more detail at the back of the throne room, I saw there were actually two people there. One was Irari, sitting on the throne. The other, however, was facing Irari, and I could thus not see her face.

"Who is that?" I asked Lis. "Oh, she's a Fire monk. She arrived here last night." Lis said. "Do you have any idea who she is?" "No," I said, "but I woke up in the middle of the night due to noise. Perhaps that was due to her?" "I see," Lis said. "She snuck out to steal the Crown, and you woke up from the noise of her coming and going. Thank you for that evidence." I felt that that was a big step to take; I generally thought well of people, and didn't want someone to be condemned based on some noise of more or less completely unknown cause. Thus, I tried to remedy the situation.

"I didn't see her last night. When did she come?" I asked. "Oh, at about midnight. We put her in the room next to you," Lis said. "In that case, isn't it possible that I heard her getting into the room, not her leaving to-" I tried to explain. "Don't try to make excuses for her," Lis responded. "At this point, I think you two might have cooperated." I realized that in this circumstance it was probably best to keep silent, so I did.

Having nothing else to do, I started to wonder what god, or at least type of god, the Fire monk worshipped. I realized that if I asked Lis, she'd probably interpret it as part of a plan to call upon that god to rain fire down upon all of Mountain Creek, so I remained silent and allowed myself to merely enumerate the possibilities. "All gods can be considered Air gods or Fire gods, or, as some would say, good gods or evil gods. There are three types of Fire god." At least, that was the first few lines of a book I had read in Kaze, though we did not worship gods there and so my knowledge was all from the west (perhaps even from where I was now), and mostly rather old. I wondered if the classification system I had learned was still being used in the west, or whether it had ever been used in the west as opposed to made up centuries ago by someone in Kaze and added to the ancient texts since it seemed cool. For that matter, I realized, I should be wondering the same things about the stories I had heard of Trakhathran throne rooms, or the stories of ancient adventures.

The first type of Fire god, I remembered, is the death type. This type is usually interested in death, blood, and other such things. Trakhathra was a kingdom with a lot of fighting, so, of all the gods, this type of god generally had the best relation with Trakhathra. Thus, all else being equal, I expected that the visiting Fire monk was a follower of this type of god. There's a smaller type, generally grouped with this first type, consisting of those gods whose followers steal and sneak around in the shadows; if the Fire monk were a follower of such a god, it would make sense that she could have and would have taken the Golden Crown of Power. In another circumstance, I might have assumed that Irari suspecting the Fire monk meant she was more likely to be of this stealing type, but since Irari apparently suspected me for no apparent reason other than that I was a guest I rejected that assumption.

The second i​s the wireheading type. This type creates experiences so pleasurable that those who enter (almost) nev​er lea​ve; being in such an exper​ience is k​nown as wireheading.​ This type mig​ht not seem i​nt​rinsically evil, but th​eir followers are in fact generally as reviled as those of the death gods, since falling into their pleasu​res is generally considered a fate as b​ad as death due to the fact that it (often? usually? it depends on the god) stops you from ever accomplishing any of your other plans.​ Some of the Ai​r go​ds are also into wireheading, but the followers of Air gods usually wirehead simply and in peace and don't really try to cause others to, whereas the followers of Fire gods wirehead in complicated ways and will often come out and put the trace of their pleasures on the outside world to try to lure people in, sometimes subtly, sometimes not: it all depends on the god. Like much of the world, Trakhathra would not likely let a follower of such a god in. Thus, I did not expect the Fire monk to be a follower of a god of this type.

The third type is the miscellaneous, not-really-evil type. This contains a lot of somewhat neutral gods of various types, which it is impossible to enumerate. It was possible that the Fire monk was a follower of a god of this type.

{Sorry that you had to deliver that long exposition.} Who are you? {I'm the narrator. You're in a story.} What??? Why are you talking to me? Is Lis hearing this? {Calm down a bit. I'm talking to you because you also tell stories and so it seemed appropriate. Also in general I don't like subjecting characters to endless self-given exposition, even if sometimes it's necessary. No, Lis isn't hearing this. This paragraph is just between you and me.} That's good. Are you going to keep talking to me in the future? {Maybe. I'd advise not worrying about it. In fact, I'd prefer if you didn't even act like this was a story and kept my existence to yourself.} That's fine. Bye for now.

Suddenly, I saw that while I was lost in thought, Irari and the Fire monk had gotten up from their chairs at the other side of the throne room and had almost reached us. I wondered whether this meant I would talk to Irari next, and also whether the Fire monk had been found to be guilty or innocent. As it turns out, I didn't have to wait to find out; when Irari reached us, she said "I am letting both of our guests free due to-". "Due to something that there's no need to explain right now," the Fire monk said. Then, after a brief pause (during which I thought about how bold it was to interrupt someone who had just let you free and could probably imprison you if they changed their mind), the Fire monk turned to me.