{I vehemently disagree with almost all of this document, so don't quote me on it! Names are, as usual, chosen fairly randomly and, when taken from real people, should not be considered to have any but the most superficial of ties to those people.}

The Gerendan experience is so vast and fragmented that the idea of a "Gerendan" is often greatly different depending on the first half of the hyphenated phrase (BLANK)-Gerendan. For most of Gerendan history there has been a wide pro-immigrant sentiment, and the original inhabitants blamed themselves for the problems of the people who immigrated most recently. It is worth noting that historical consideration of the treatment of Tosarian and (to a lesser extent) Aziran immigrants makes it clear that the pro-immigrant tradition in Gerenda is not based on racial similarity but on a broader form of unrestricted respect. Time spent in Gerendan society is also irrelevant; the immigrants who have been here the longest, in fact, often are treated worse than those who have not been here are long. This is related to the fact that recently, the rhetoric of the political left has grown increasingly globalist and xenophilic, with the biggest issues in discussion of laws often being what impact they will have on foreigners, especially new ones. Make no mistake, this attitude towards other countries is caused by the same beliefs as the positive treatment of immigrants once they finally get here. Those reluctantly in power are happy about new and different people coming so that they have an excuse to plead that the newcomers need representation taken from their own. This is a growing trend. However, I argue that it is actually a problem, and the best solution is closing the borders completely rather than accepting and assimilating all new arrivals.

To continue to deny the negative effects of immigration here is a disservice to history, economics, and lives of innocent and just people hoping to live in peace. For the past 100 years, the worst thing about Gerenda has been immigrants, but the population of this country has never ever wanted to accept that. It is worth noting that, as the stories say, almost everyone here was an immigrant or descendants of an immigrant at one point, generally within the last thousand years. Looking at this, how did the immigrants then treat the native Gerendans? The records are not completely clear, but as far as we can tell, the treatment wasn't that good. What kind of country can support immigration when about 95% of the population is thriving on land stolen by immigrants? The entirety of Gerendan culture is based on a legacy of treating those who were here first terribly, and the only reasonable cause of this is immigrant arrogance. Now listen, I’m not a "reverse immigrant supremacist"; in fact, I was born in Azira, so it doesn’t really matter to me anyway. The problem is when immigrant arrogance becomes a hindrance to the success of our country, and right now, the Gerendan left is using respect to immigrants, fear of isolationism, and garbled stories of long-past times where immigration was needed. Why are they doing this? There's a clear motive: to earn sympathy and votes from the 30% of the population who classify themselves as recent immigrants. The demagoguery and "respect" coming from the left makes anyone at the center or slight right seem like anti-immigrant conspirators who want to destroy the "values" of this country, but it’s really the opposite. The people on the left aim to cripple our growth, stunt our innovation, and isolate us from our traditions by sending the message that outsiders are better than everyone currently in Gerenda; a message that runs entirely counter to the formula that made Gerenda so successful.

Immigrants come to this country because they want to take advantage of our prosperity, especially economically. The left, and even the immigrants themselves, will generally admit this. However, historically they have been met with friendliness and love. Just about every group that has ever come to this country has been idolized, and it's unfair and empirically fallacious. Keep in mind that even the darling of the right, Joan Walker, has made incorrect statements about the positive effects of immigration as recently as last year. (In an interview with Kaori Aoki, Walker said we cannot have closed borders because that’s an "Aziran idea" that only makes sense if (as in may parts of Azira) everyone is a potential physical threat and hurts the "innocent" immigrants who don't want to literally kill anyone.) Joan's blind spot on this issue shows that the economic truth about immigration is often counterintuitive, that the economy does not improve due to population growth and immigration (it is fairly universally agreed that a few hundred ago Gerenda was 100 times more populous, but it surely wasn't 100 times more successful economically then) but that in fact population growth, including immigration, uses up a large number of limited resources (magic, water, space in cities) which need to be carefully conserved. Despite attempts from immigrant teenagers on the Great Web to defend these comments, they were just not based in fact. Joan is likely not interested in propagating false information in her campaign, so it’s extremely likely that she was ignorant of the societal reality rather than just a pro-immigrant (which can’t be said for everyone).

This brings us to the question of how we can stop the hate and bigotry coming from one side. This is hard because those on the left, especially supporters of Diana Tasa, have shown an aversion to facts, trusting their own "instincts" and "ethics" instead. It’s hard to blame them, even those who aren't recent immigrants. Why should some wizard with 20 years of education who spends the entire day working with natural magic directly and doesn't need that much else, or some farmer in the middle of nowhere who is satisfied with life, believe those saying "resource limitations are a serious problem and no, we can't just take everyone in" when they could instead hear any of their peers saying "yes, the world is fine, we can do whatever we think is good and there will be no problems or unintended consequences"? It's easy to fall into the trap of groupthink in societal dynamics, because people would rather trust their friends saying that things are alright than a stranger saying there's a serious crisis, especially when they can't see the crisis from where they are.

Once we can identify the rotten demagogues as the ones responsible for legitimizing immigration as "in no way a problem," there must be a concerted effort to correct even the smallest lies and misrepresentations being told. No we cannot count John Smith's 20 minute monologue about how Diana Tasa's Periodic Chaotic Flow Theorem only turned out to be true in a space with exactly 4.5 infinity dimensions and no others (not the real world), or Thisted Silver spending 1 rikero on billboards that say "Diana Tasa is not a politician." People who thank everything is fine will only consider a mistake in math for its mathematical value rather than as a sign of a general problem (indeed, Diana Tasa said that John Smith's explanation of why the proof failed was the best anyone else had every given), and will think that whether someone is a politician is unimportant (this is a different but very related issue). So far, no one with has been able to stop people from voting for this failed wizard who decided to go into politics as "just something to try" (her words). At this point it seems impossible to stop the growing number of people who are convinced we need to "not hurt anyone." How this accounts for the current population losing their land from immigration, I don't know. I’m not a pundit; I don’t know what type of trend or sociological explanation is to blame for the ugliness I’m seeing in the news every day. But I am obsessed with remaining current, and that’s left me with a tremendous amount of information to synthesize and analyze. [Continue from here.] So far, I have claimed that America doesn't hate immigrants because of racism, that white people should feel tremendously guilty for things people of the same race as them did 500 years ago, and that most Americans are too dumb to understand economics. My analysis is based on an elitism and a thought that I’m smarter than both political poles even though I borrow from both of them. My arrogance is probably pretty close to the political views of a Michael Bloomberg, someone who claims to be a “non-partisan” and a “problem solver.” That’s dumb but I hope I can portray a level of self-awareness that shows I don’t really take my own opinions totally seriously, or more importantly, that I’m willing, even eager, to change my mind when I find new information or consider a different perspective.

The key to making Americans less hostile isn’t to try to have nerds on TV like Nate Silver or Paul Krugman try to explain the “facts” calmly and with precision; it’s to bully people into feeling stupid until they change their mind. This is the Donald Trump model. He gets on stage, he talks about how stupid our leaders are, how terrible our problems are, and most importantly, how easy it’s going to be for him to solve every problem, and replace our leaders with “the best negotiators.” The responsible center (or left even) needs a cheerleader, not a Michael Bloomberg, and not a Hillary Clinton (most people are too dumb to see how qualified and capable she is). We need a loud New Yorker willing to belittle people into rejecting the lies they’ve heard from email chains, Facebook posts, and Fox News commentators. Jon Stewart and Howard Stern and Bernie Sanders are qualified but this country (especially the south) is far too resistant and proud to accept ideas from Jews. George Soros and Michael Bloomberg need to band together as pro-evidence financiers to find a gentile comedian who is willing to berate people into falling back in line and accepting the truth and yielding to facts.
