{Here is an old story, which you will likely be able to determine the attribution of. It is in the interesting non-fantasy style popular in some areas of Azira.}

Wait, I think I know roughly what this is going to be. Do you really need or want to put that in? {You're right. I moved it out. Thank you a lot.}

### How to count to infinity

"How big is infinity?" - literally everyone at least once

I found myself in an unfamiliar room, without furniture, without windows, without doors, without food or water, without even dust, alone. I called out to my deity, but they did not answer. I called out for help, but help did not come. I called out for any response, but there was no response. I realized that it would be best if I acted as if nothing but the room I was in existed. I thus started doing one of the primary sacred rites of my religion. It would not help me to escape at all, but it was an activity that is one of the most simple activities in the world, that I could almost do in my sleep, and that many people do (though few consider sacred). In other words, I started counting.

"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, ..." I tried to enunciate each number clearly. "..., sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, ..." I made mistakes rather frequently; I just corrected them and went on. "..., two hundred and fifty-five, two hundred and fifty-six, two hundred and fifty-seven, ..." Counting this high was a daily occurrence for me, but that is common; many people count to a few hundred regularly. I, however, was planning on continuing further.

"..., sixty-five thousand five hundred and thirty-five, sixty-five thousand five hundred and thirty-six, sixty-five thousand five hundred and thirty-seven, ..." I had once before counted to 65536, though it took several days and I took breaks to eat, drink, and sleep. Now, though, for some reason, I did not feel at all hungry, thirsty, or tired. I wondered what was going on, but continued counting.

"..., four billion two hundred and ninety-four million..." I was now definitely past what anyone had ever counted to before. The accepted value for the highest number counted to was something in the low millions. There were legends that some group of people had made it to 4294967296 over a few hundred years, each starting up where the prior one left off, but that (both the truth value of the story and its acceptability as counting if true) was dubious at best. In any case, even if it was true and was accepted, I was about to pass them. It had become clear to me when I reached around one billion that I was free from not only hunger, thirst, and sleep, but also old age; indeed, I seemed no older than I had been initially. I used this opportunity of immortality to continue counting.

"..., eighteen quintillion four hundred and forty-six quadrillion..." I again wondered what was going on. At this point, I estimated, the time I had been counting was far greater than could have been reached in the accepted age of the universe when I had started. That in itself was not impossible. It was indeed expected that some stars would survive for trillions of years, long enough that I could reach the number I had reached. But something strange was clearly happening. Nevertheless, I continued counting.

"..., three hundred and forty undecillion two hundred and eighty-two decillion..." At this point, it was clear that no stars still existed. The universe was a barren and empty place. Of course, that was only true assuming that the timescales of the universe were as they had been expected to be, and given my situation, I wasn't that sure of much of anything. I did, however, somehow know that I had actually counted every number, and hadn't just skipped ahead a lot. I considered whether this knowledge might be incorrect. I decided that, since I had decided to count and didn't want to start over (especially if there might not be any advantage to starting over), whether or not my knowledge of not skipping was correct, I should treat it as such.

However, I still wanted some non-mystical explanation for reaching such high numbers. I considered the possibility that perhaps I was somehow sped up, so as to be counting millions or billions of numbers per second. If I was counting a billion numbers per second, however, it would still take long enough for me to get to where I was that there would be no stars. My last resort for an explanation was some type of parallelism, where I was somehow spread out, each part doing a part of the counting. If this was the case, reaching the number I had reached might be easy to get to. Indeed, a large mountain could, it was believed, be broken into more parts than that number. I continued counting.

"..., one hundred and fifteen quattuorvigintillion seven hundred and ninety-two tresvigintillion..." At this point I was approaching the number of things in the universe. If each was counting, they could easily reach the number I had reached. It was clear to me how I could change that, though. I continued counting.

"..., thirteen quinquagintillion four hundred and seven novenquadragintillion..." I wondered how I had gotten so high. The only non-mystical explanation I could think of (other than alternate universes, or the universe somehow being larger than thought) was that I was using empty space. In that case, though, I would not get to infinity. I thought about how disappointing it would be to get to one octogintillion or something and be forced to stop by nature itself. Nevertheless, I continued counting.

"..., one hundred and seventy-nine uncentillion seven hundred and sixty-nine centillion three hundred and thirteen novenonagintillion four hundred and eighty-six octononagintillion two hundred and thirty-one septenonagintillion five hundred and ninety senonagintillion seven hundred and seventy-two quinquanonagintillion nine hundred and thirty quattuornonagintillion five hundred and nineteen trenonagintillion seventy-eight duononagintillion nine hundred and two unnonagintillion four hundred and seventy-three nonagintillion three hundred and sixty-one novemoctogintillion seven hundred and ninety-seven octooctogintillion six hundred and ninety-seven septemoctogintillion eight hundred and ninety-four sexoctogintillion two hundred and thirty quinquaoctogintillion six hundred and fifty-seven quattuoroctogintillion two hundred and seventy-three trexoctogintillion four hundred and thirty duooctogintillion eighty-one unoctogintillion one hundred and fifty-seven octogintillion seven hundred and thirty-two novenseptuagintillion six hundred and seventy-five octoseptuagintillion eight hundred and five septenseptuagintillion five hundred seseptuagintillion nine hundred and sixty-three quinquaseptuagintillion one hundred and thirty-two quattuorseptuagintillion seven hundred and eight treseptuagintillion four hundred and seventy-seven duoseptuagintillion three hundred and twenty-two unseptuagintillion four hundred and seven septuagintillion five hundred and thirty-six novensexagintillion twenty-one octosexagintillion one hundred and twenty septensexagintillion one hundred and thirteen sesexagintillion eight hundred and seventy-nine quinquasexagintillion eight hundred and seventy-one quattuorsexagintillion three hundred and ninety-three tresexagintillion three hundred and fifty-seven duosexagintillion six hundred and fifty-eight unsexagintillion seven hundred and eighty-nine sexagintillion seven hundred and sixty-eight novenquinquagintillion eight hundred and fourteen octoquinquagintillion four hundred and sixteen septenquinquagintillion six hundred and twenty-two sesquinquagintillion four hundred and ninety-two quinquaquinquagintillion eight hundred and forty-seven quattuorquinquagintillion four hundred and thirty tresquinquagintillion six hundred and thirty-nine duoquinquagintillion four hundred and seventy-four unquinquagintillion one hundred and twenty-four quinquagintillion three hundred and seventy-seven novenquadragintillion seven hundred and sixty-seven octoquadragintillion eight hundred and ninety-three septenquadragintillion four hundred and twenty-four sesquadragintillion eight hundred and sixty-five quinquaquadragintillion four hundred and eighty-five quattuorquadragintillion two hundred and seventy-six tresquadragintillion three hundred and two duoquadragintillion two hundred and nineteen unquadragintillion six hundred and one quadragintillion two hundred and forty-six noventrigintillion ninety-four octotrigintillion one hundred and nineteen septentrigintillion four hundred and fifty-three sestrigintillion eighty-two quinquatrigintillion nine hundred and fifty-two quattuortrigintillion eighty-five trestrigintillion five duotrigintillion seven hundred and sixty-eight untrigintillion eight hundred and thirty-eight trigintillion one hundred and fifty novemvigintillion six hundred and eighty-two octovigintillion three hundred and forty-two septemvigintillion four hundred and sixty-two sesvigintillion eight hundred and eighty-one quinquavigintillion four hundred and seventy-three quattuorvigintillion nine hundred and thirteen tresvigintillion one hundred and ten duovigintillion five hundred and forty unvigintillion eight hundred and twenty-seven vigintillion two hundred and thirty-seven novendecillion one hundred and sixty-three octodecillion three hundred and fifty septendecillion five hundred and ten sedecillion six hundred and eighty-four quinquadecillion five hundred and eighty-six quattuordecillion two hundred and ninety-eight tredecillion two hundred and thirty-nine duodecillion nine hundred and forty-seven undecillion two hundred and forty-five decillion nine hundred and thirty-eight nonillion four hundred and seventy-nine octillion seven hundred and sixteen septillion three hundred and four sextillion eight hundred and thirty-five quintillion three hundred and fifty-six quadrillion three hundred and twenty-nine trillion six hundred and twenty-four billion two hundred and twenty-four million one hundred and thirty-seven thousand two hundred and sixteen." I had done it. I had reached infinity. I pondered for a bit on what to do next. It did not take me long to come to a decision. I had experienced many factors of a thousand in time spent; what I was going to do next would merely take another factor of a thousand. To you that might seem huge, but to me it seemed like almost nothing.

"Two, four, six, eight, ..."
